good evening youtube this is MTP flyers
and I'm super excited to have the 32 gig
white verizon ipad 2 now this bad boy
will set you back about 729 with the 3g
version and with the Wi-Fi version it is
699 I'm sorry 599 so you definitely pay
a little bit more for the 3g version but
I could tell you what right now verizon
I the verizon caught up the verizon
iphone the verizon store today nobody
there walk right in at 5 15 dude totally
hook me up had this ready to go i was in
and out in 20 minutes 20 minutes you are
all probably still at the apple store it
is five of six on march 11th and i've
already got it so let's open it up I
took a couple pictures at the store and
let me tell you this thing looks
absolutely gorgeous we saw it on video
we sell it at the at the event and let
me tell you hello it just looks
absolutely awesome there she is now
unfortunately the screen doesn't change
all that often there it's successfully
activated we got the same screen going
on and no different there it does spin
around we've got our facetime on there
and I don't think any way are going to
have to set that up to do that and no no
we're just going to cancel that and you
see right there verizon and i just think
it looks absolutely awesome i'm excited
about the new design cut the camera on
there of course we had the front-facing
camera which you just saw do we really
need to go over any of that it's pretty
much the same thing and some people may
ask what you do with your other ipad i
sold it the gazelle com for four hundred
and thirty-seven dollars so that was a
pretty good deal i put that up there the
day that they announced the ipad 2 on
that aneta on that was that wednesday to
do that so what else did i get i got the
magnet case in grey I know Larry's
greenberg is going to laugh at me
because that's the same color he got
real only appealing cover they had they
didn't have my arm
they're so I'm going to have to order
that they also did not have any of the
HDMI connectors I'm sorry the iya the
HDMI connectors which I really wanted to
try but oh well I'll see if they have
those in the store over the weekend and
we're just going to take this out right
so there it is guys and of course I want
to do all to see me do this everything
off slide it out looking gorgeous as
usual and I'm going to have to get a
screen protector for this but here is
the magnetic case that we've seen so
much already about it but it's supposed
to line up for you and then you drop it
right on now I didn't even line that up
and look at that lined up perfectly it's
on there and then you know that as soon
as you as soon as you do that turns
right back on you can hear it turn off
that's really cool and it just kind of
goes there now a lot of people are
asking what didn't go on there too good
now that's supposed to line up that
didn't line up I guess you're supposed
to bring it in on the side but I was
always anxious like if you do like this
yeah I was going to say come on Steve
that didn't line up I guess if you get
it close it's what it's supposed to line
it up that's not as good as I thought it
could be but anyway guys there it is
ipad2 going to check it out for you and
what I really want to try this out is
the is the iMovie you know the facetime
pretty cool to chat with people but you
know I'm really excited to try the
iMovie on this since the other processor
works and speed that up a lil bit
because i want to put files in there and
do that and the other thing I'm really
excited about is the mirroring that
you'll be able to do so hope you guys
enjoyed this ipad 2 64 gig there she is
but there it is thank you for joining me
got lots more coming up you guys have a
great night and i'll talk to you later
uh